= inline_forms

inline_forms is my ruby on rails framework for database record adminstration applications. We have used it for four big rails projects. Follow the instructions below to try it out.



It has generators that generate a administration interface that significantly more featureful than the default rails generators.


Inline Forms is almost a complete admin application. You can try it out easily.



= Usage

 gem install inline_forms
 # This first generator assumes that you have mysql running on your localhost
 # and that mysql is configured to login your ubuntu user 
 # the root account of your mysql server without a password prompt.
 # this is configured by adding:
 # [client]
 # user="root"
 # pass="<<password>>"
 # to your /etc/mysql/my.cnf file
 # in order to log in to your mysql server and create databases and users for your inline_forms application.
 # also MyAppName should be shorter than 16 characters
 inline_forms MyAppName
 cd MyAppName
 rails g inline_forms Picture name:string caption:string image:image_field description:text apartment:belongs_to _presentation:'#{name}'
 rails generate uploader Image
 rails g inline_forms Apartment name:string title:string description:text pictures:has_many pictures:associated _enabled:yes _presentation:'#{name}' -f
 bundle exec rake db:migrate
 rails s

point your browser to http://localhost:3000/apartments (make sure JavaScript is enabled)

It's work in progress.


== Contributing to inline_forms
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Ace Suares. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

